---
title: Rule Book
date: 2023-08-18
#categories: [TOP_CATEGORIE, SUB_CATEGORIE]
tags: [Rules]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

# What not to do:

1. Never trade on Breakdowns/Breakouts in less than 1 hour time frame
2. Never trade watching patterns. It is not that patterns doesn't work. It works in larger time frame but in intraday where everyone is trading, patterns creates more traps than actual move. 
3. Never take trade after a strong impulsive candle. It may create a strong trend but also they are trap sometimes. Wait to price to settle and then take trade.
4. never take trade after 3 pm.
5. Indicator based strategies doesn't work.

# Rules to follow strictly:

1. Leave 1st one hour and 15 minutes. Start looking for entries from 10.30 am onwards.
2. If price reversing from untapped zone of interest from previous day then only take trade before 10.30 am.
3. Price previously showed rapid move in desired direction of trade. 
    for Example: To take a bearish trade from an untapped zone, Check if market previously fell with impulsive candles. Because strong impulsive candles are sign of presence of smart money.
4. Price didn't fall or rise to zone very fast. If this happens that means smart money is involved in the move and they won't respect the zone.
5. Price should retrace beyond 50% of the initial move.
6. risk to reward should be not less than 1:3.
7. Hold the trade until sport doesn't touch sl. Wait candle to close beyond sl. If not the hold to target. 
8. Target should be next zone. 